you
what's up guys Charles from treating
step and I'm going to do the iPad red
screen fix experiment what happened was
my niece dropped her iPad iPad 2 on the
floor and the screen went all red and
fuzzy lines across the screen so I was
looking for the cheapest way to get the
screen fixed so I googled and went
through some of the Apple discussion
forums and stuff so there were a lot of
like suggestions like firstly was to
drop the iPad on the floor
some people said smack the back of the
iPad and some people even used a hammer
and it works so it was quite skeptical
about it and decided to try it out at
the office so this is the red screen I
was talking about so right now this is a
raw clip which we took in the office
today right now you're gonna try to drop
it on the floor and Apple forums it it's
supposed to go back to normal he resumed
in other words how do you can you really
see the rule a miracle jump in a carpet
about this your Heinie's thank you so
much I guess so we're gonna try to be
good you cannot go down you feel about
my feet quite big as your assistant
because I wore a suit wait whoops
so see me
see you I'll try what I'm okay with it
how are you on track hekia any yeah it's
on whoa oh she's a bit o me recording oh
my god oh okay so as you can see and the
experiment actually worked if you do
have the same problem you can just try
it out not so sure how long this would
last whether or not the screen would go
back to red and fuzzy and stuff but no
harm trying saves a lot of money so
that's all please subscribe and thanks
for watching